Improve array concept and language-list introduction (#953)
exercism/php: exercises/concept/language-list/.docs/introduction.md

$prime_numbers[] = 11; // array now contains [2, 3, 5, 7, 11]
```

### Performing Actions with Arrays

> PHP provides functions you can use to modify arrays and work with items in arrays. The PHP documentation offers detailed information on [array](https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.types.array.php) functions.

Reviewer: Exercism has some [rules for Markdown formatting](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/markdown), that require [one sentence per line](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/markdown#h-one-sentence-per-line) and the [separation of URLs from link placement](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/markdown#h-links):

```suggestion
PHP provides functions you can use to modify arrays and work with items in arrays.
The PHP documentation offers detailed information on [array functions][array-functions] and the [array type][array-type].
```

The link URL is inserted at the end of the file like this:

```

[array-functions]: https://www.php.net/manual/en/ref.array.php
[array-type]: https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.types.array.php
```
